serve a brave future had quickly dimmed
by the kickoff in this match
Gordon dl0 United say clearly the first
division underdogs against the mother
will team which almost snatched a
creditable point in the weekend match
with Rangers indecisiveness in the
muddle defense and the persistence of
Andi lines offered firstly Andi Walker
but eventually Glenn Hearst the chance
to give the honest man the perfect start
in this game here one-nothing up within
60 seconds lines crossed possibly too
low for Walker to connect clearly with
his head but Greg denims hesitancy
gifted firstly open up any hopes the
premier saved me I've had of a fate back
was shattered in the final 20 minutes
former a measly front man Glenn Hearst
the Tormentor his clever play rewarded
by the unfortunate deflection food
defender Shawn teal here - nothing up
and the former Aston Villa defender
killed Kamal Ilocano under her superb
individual skills signaled the end of
the road for mother wall in the League
Cup Glynn host has been getting rave
reviews recently and having seen the
brief highlights there we know no way
yes I've got a few goals we would
tangles score thought I'd ever seen and
they're not even halfway through so one
nil to time and they went to nil ahead
thanks to Hurst
again and aligns with the toaster the
number seven and a great finish from the
fans favorite at Somerset
- an LTL United no and that was first
tenth goal of the season
not for long though Blin ha start
tonight watch this for a run
we beat one player and a second and for
good measure a start lays it off Brandi
lines
rittany from him to put a lien I take
three one ahead superb play from her
skier
and Alliance does the rest
left boot shot v1 air
well at this stage area native knew they
were going top of the table just to make
the scoreline look good limit at four
unless plain Andy Walker got on the end
of the in Ferguson's header for 100
United then at the top of the table here
United's away record their season looks
mighty impressive five wins and a draw
from eight splash journeys before
yesterday
and unfortunately for Airdrie that one
continues three minutes gone
Gary teal blasting the opening goal
clay banks loss is area 90s game and the
honest man a goal in front area 19 Silva
three points with a magnificent gold
finished by Glenn wash and the Lions
playing the one two then
as a back for scores for hustling not
over the line English when the hero
so again powerful dunwood header
and here United fans enjoying a great
one
they're pressurized constantly but
couldn't make the breakthrough until
rate on half time line setting up
Lyndhurst piss straight balls down to
Walker and former self clinical with the
tap-in up in three yards one nil air
stream sure with two solid blocks but
nobody cleaning the dangerous thing
just over 2,000 that Somerset to watch
this one an area native took the lead
through Lee Horst
he lost McFarland after Finley Center in
the free kick could control that his
chest by Hurst and a good finish to Burt
their United might turn L ahead when
harsh scoreless top teams goal of the
season
Davis's attempt is blocked first comes
entity
right on the hour mark has completed his
hat-trick the cross coming in from the
left here from Russell Kelly
the right place at the right time
a next email to
Jocelyn Kelly
well alienating really in the driving
seat no and coming up a couple of goals
for Andy Walker nice new ball good piece
from Walker and he lobs a keeper from
about 10 yards
Fornell to air United and
to come align us with the cross
and then walking again with the finish
to make it 5 mil - Aryan Lacey's that
suits them very much back then
we finished with the veteran striker
here going now
transformation avail united under the
guidance of Gordon DL and the coaching
of e Monroe the addition of Gwen husband
Andy Walker has also made air a
formidable side